This directory contains tools, scripts and other files to test the
deinterlace plugin.

File overview
-------------

cpudt/cpudt.c
	CPU feature detection.  Use like "if cpudt mmx; then ..."
	Possible features are mmx, 3dnow, sse, sse2, altivec and
	others.  Used by emulator.sh.

dicmp/dicmp.c
	Compares YUYV images, kind of a specialized version of cmp.  Type
	dicmp --help for options.  Used by ditest-x86.sh.

ditest/ditest.c/guard.h
	Runs a deinterlace method with test data.  guard.h adds a miniature
	version of efence, testing for image buffer overflows.  Type ditest
	--help for options.  Used by ditest scripts.

ditest-all.sh
	A shell function wrapping ditest, which runs through all
	deinterlace methods using pseudo random input and storing
	results in a subdirectory.  May use an emulator if we
	cross-compile or the CPU lacks the required feature.  Used by
	other ditest scripts.

ditest-mmx|3dnow|sse|sse2|altivec.sh
	make check runs these scripts to check if each implementation
	of each deinterlace method we compiled produces the output
	recorded in md5sums-*.  Supposed to reveal compiler bugs.

ditest-x86.sh
	Uses ditest-all.sh to run all x86 implementations of all
	deinterlace methods which are executable on this machine and
	compare the output with dicmp.  Supposed to prove all x86
	implementations (mmx, sse, ...) produce the same output, but
	due to subtle differences and shortcuts for performance reasons
	we cannot compare all implementations.  Something like this
	should also be used to compare sse2 and altivec output.

emulator.sh
	A shell function to determine if our CPU supports the required
	feature or if we can emulate it, currently using qemu.  Sets $emu
	to the name of the emulator.  Used by ditest-all.sh.

gen-md5sums.sh
	This script uses ditest-all.sh to generate reference output
	for a make check.  It runs through all implementations (mmx,
	sse, ...) of all deinterlace methods which are executable on
	this machine.  Since reference output is too large to ship we
	compute md5 checksums.  Supposed to be run after deinterlace
	sources changed.

md5sums-mmx|3dnow|sse|sse2|altivec
	Checksums for make check.
